[street chatter]
KOTORI: There you are!
Hey, Rein, I’m over here!
‐ [scoffs] I wish you
wouldn’t yell out my name
and make a big scene, Kotori.
‐ [laughs] Sorry. My bad.
I’m just not used to meeting
with you in person, you know,
since we usually
correspond by text.
‐ I’d prefer that,
but your texts
are so garbled with emojis
that sometimes I can’t
make heads or tails of them.
Besides, I’m in a hurry.
‐ Oh, sorry. Didn’t realize
I was a bad texter.
Anyway, you’re amazing, Rein.
That tip you gave me
about the Eighth Clan’s hideout
was right on the money.
I learned a lot from scouting,
so ask me anything.
‐ I was able to get
most of what I need to know
from the text you sent
about the warehouse.
Next, I’d like to ask
about their numbers
and who specifically
is involved.
I’d also like to know what sort
of weapons they may have.
‐ I don’t know
about their weapons,
but I can confirm
there are a dozen people,
possibly up to 15.
You guys really did a good job
of thinning them out,
didn’t you?
Now they can’t mobilize
like they could at their peak.
‐ [rumbling]
‐ We’re not the ones
who should take
the credit for that.
So whose Sigils should we
be worried about most?
‐ Well, you know about
that karate guy named Keiichi,
and then there’s their leader,
Wang, obviously.
‐ And the Flame Demon?
‐ I didn’t see him,
so I’m pretty sure
he was killed during
the Treasure Hunt event.
‐ Okay.
Mr. Hiiragi...
did you manage
to overpower him?
All right,
it’s time for me to go now.
I’ll pay you in points as usual.
‐ Hey, one more thing!
‐ Yes?
‐ Don’t worry about paying me
for this time.
I have a favor to ask instead.
‐ A favor?
‐ I was hoping that you
might pull a few strings
and help me get
into the Sunset Ravens?
They could really use
my skills!
‐ [sighs] But you’re still
a member of Icy Crown, remember?
Don’t betray them.
We’re already
at war with the Eighth.
It would be foolish of us
to create another conflict.
‐ Eighth is getting weaker.
There’s no way they can stand up
to the Sunset Ravens now.
You know as well as I do
that you can win this,
even if it means
making a few sacrifices.
‐ Actually,
our leader is the type
who wants to avoid
making any sacrifices.
As a result,
we’re basically playing D‐Game
with a handicap on.
‐ Ah, he sounds like a good guy.
That makes me
like him even more.
I heard a rumor that whenever
a player clears an event,
the game’ll reward them
with a super‐special privilege.
That Kaname Sudo
must be an incredible guy.
‐ Well, I’ll pass along
your request, but...
you should know.
You won’t get an answer
right away.
‐ Oh, yeah, that’s fine.
I can wait!
Do your best out there,
okay, girl?
‐ [sighs]
"Eighth Clan is too weak
to stand up
to Sunset Ravens," huh?
I’m hesitant to be
as optimistic as Kotori is.
But luckily that terrible
Flame Demon is dead,
and we know
what Wang’s Sigil can do,
so we could probably
defeat them right now,
even without relying
on Xuelan’s help.
What really concerns me is...
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Damn it!
‐ [pounding]
This whole thing
is bullshit,
all of it!
‐ Knock it off, Kaname.
Hurting yourself
won’t fix this!
‐ That bastard cut
my friend’s fingers off, Ryuji!
I’m killing him!
‐ Trust me, I understand.
Killing Wang is
the one thing I want most.
But I promise Kaede can easily
repair your buddy’s hands,
so just calm down
for a second, okay?
‐ [groans]
SHUKA: How do you
feel now, better?
‐ Yeah. Sorry I
lost my temper earlier.
But knowing
they’ve got Shinozuka
is driving me freakin’ crazy.
‐ Let’s go over the facts again.
Obviously, our main objective
is to get the hostage
out of harm’s way,
but we also need to take out
that piece of shit, Wang,
before he hurts more people.
[chuckles]
So we’ve got everybody
in this room plus Rein.
Then there’s the reinforcements
from the Danjo Boxing Club.
We have to work with that.
Unfortunately, we haven’t
been able to get in touch
with Miss Number‐One Player.
SHUKA: That’s fine by me.
It’s not like that woman’s
worthy of our trust, anyway.
We can take care of it
all on our own.
RYUJI: Well, now that
we’re all on the same page,
let’s talk strategy.
According to Rein’s analysis,
they filmed that video
in a coastal warehouse district.
SUI: She could tell all that
from only the video?
‐ She saw a black‐tailed gull
in the corner of one frame.
I thought it was
just a smudge or something.
And Wang doesn’t
strike me as the type
who would plant
a red herring like that.
‐ Shinozuka.
This is my fault.
‐ Don’t blame yourself.
The only people
in the wrong here
are Wang and his lackeys.
You couldn’t have known
this was going to happen.
Your friend was
just unlucky enough
to get snapped up
by a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
The main problem
is that monsters like Wang
run loose in this world.
You should blame the world,
if anything.
‐ Shuka.
[door opens]
‐ I’m sorry for the wait,
everyone.
I’ve finally gathered all
of the necessary information.
So let’s go rescue the hostage.
‐ [whimpering]
Damn, my hands hurt
so freakin’ bad!
‐ After all that,
we still couldn’t get him
to tell us where Sudo is.
‐ Seems like he really
doesn’t know anything.
Oh, well. That doesn’t matter.
Give it some time, and I’m sure
Kaname’ll come to us.
He’ll want to tell us what he
thinks about that video we made.
‐ So you think the fatso’s
good enough bait?
‐ You got that right.
Then again,
we might as well have grabbed
any average joe off the street.
That Kaname’s
a bleeding‐heart softie.
He can’t live
with being responsible
for the death
of another human being.
What he doesn’t understand
is most people have no problem
at all with killing somebody
if it means
saving their own skin.
‐ [gasps] Excuse me, sir!
There’s an emergency!
‐ What are you
so worked up for, Shinji?
Is Kaname here already?
‐ Actually, no. There are
tons of police outside!
‐ You’re kidding me.
‐ Squad A here.
We’re stationed
in front of the warehouse.
‐ Roger.
Wait for SAT to arrive.
‐ Understood, sir.
‐ Shit! Just when I
was about to get
my quality time with Kaname,
the cops have to show up
out of nowhere
and ruin the whole thing.
‐ What?
Do they know I’m in here?
‐ Hey, uh, do you think
we might have gotten
a little too carried away?
‐ Huh?
Well, well, look who’s
got all the answers.
You want me to play it safe
and be a good boy?
Is that it, Shinji?
‐ No, I’m not telling you
what to do, sir!
Uh, I’m sorry?
‐ Smart. I was just making sure!
So don’t go pissing your pants.
Nobody can touch Eighth Clan,
definitely not
that bunch of pigs.
Ain’t that right, Kei?
‐ Damn it. I still
haven’t gotten any response
from Wang and his guys.
I guess they’re
not open to negotiating.
‐ Sorry I’m the only backup
we could send.
Danjo Boxing Club suddenly
got attacked by Uroboros.
‐ It’s possible
that was coordinated
ahead of time
by the Eighth Clan.
‐ You’re saying
Uroboros and Eighth
have some kind of alliance?
‐ I don’t know for certain.
It could be just a coincidence.
‐ Don’t worry, Inukai.
With you here, we probably
have enough firepower.
‐ Hope you’re right, Kaname.
Okay, just so we’re all clear,
the first objective
of this mission
is saving that guy
they took hostage,
and the second stage
is getting him
to the safe zone, right?
Instead of
exterminating those jerks?
‐ I know it seems weak,
and maybe it is weak.
When I think
about taking the life
of every single
Eighth Clan member,
I just don’t feel
like that’s a line I can cross.
‐ Well, for right now,
the only thing we can do
is stand by until we
get word from Shuka.
Shuka, is the radio reception
coming through okay?
You can hear me, right?
‐ Sorry, Rein. I’d love to chat,
but I’m kind of
doing something here.
‐ I just wanted to confirm
that we had signal.
‐ Ugh! If you’re gonna bug me,
you should at least
put Kaname on instead.
KANAME: Hey, Shuka, sorry this
is such a half‐baked plan.
‐ Oh, you shouldn’t worry
about me, Kaname,
You’re the boss, after all.
I’m here to do
whatever makes you happy.
RYUJI: That’s enough, you two.
You can flirt
when this is over.
What’s going on with Eighth?
SHUKA: Oh, yeah, them.
The police have their place
surrounded right now.
‐ The police are there?
‐ Uh, Keiichi
just came out alone.
‐ In that case,
we should make our move.
‐ You sure that’s a good idea?
‐ Since they don’t have Sigils,
the cops are basically
just cannon fodder,
which means
we can grab Shinozuka
while Eighth is busy
fighting them off.
RYUJI: Sounds good to me.
Roger that, Boss!
‐ You’re Keiichi Katsura
of the Eighth Clan, right?
Put your
hands behind your head
and drop to your knees!
I repeat! Put your hands
behind your head
and drop to your knees!
‐ Tempest!
‐ Yeah, nice work, Kei!
Attaboy!
What did I tell you?
These pigs are no match for us.
SHINJI: Uh, right!
Of course, sir!
SHINOZUKA: I don’t believe this.
Did they just kill a cop?
‐ But it’ll be a pain
in the ass if they send backup.
I say we get out of here
while the getting’s good.
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ What about
roly‐poly over there?
Think we should take him
to the next place?
WANG: Eh, he’s probably
not worth the effort.
We can always
get another hostage.
Let’s waste his ass.
Hey, Shinji,
you’ve never actually
shot anybody, have you?
[Shinozuka whimpering]
‐ Why don’t we let this guy
be your first?
‐ Um, that’s okay.
I’d prefer not to.
[saw grinding]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Wang!
The police are starting
to cut through the back door!
‐ Oh, really? So those idiots
have finally gotten it
through their skulls
that Kei is stronger
than all of them put together?
Just wait ’til they get
a taste of what I can do.
‐ [slice]
‐ [groans]
‐ What the hell was that?
‐ [slice]
‐ [winces]
‐ Hi there!
Welcome to my show, officers!
We’ve got
such a big crowd today!
‐ [yelling]
‐ They’re mowing down
the police like it’s nothing.
Is this really
the way I’m gonna die?
‐ Okay. I delivered the phone
like you said to.
I’m not sure
how he’s supposed use it
with no fingers, though.
‐ Good job, Shuka.
Now we can move on
to the next step.
‐ You got it.
KANAME: All right, Shinozuka.
The rest is
gonna depend on you.
‐ [gasps] Hello?
Kaname? Is that you?
‐ Yeah, it’s me!
‐ Oh, thank God.
Are you coming
to get me out of this mess?
‐ We’re trying, but you
have to listen carefully.
That phone you just got
has an invite
to Darwin’s Game on it.
‐ I need you to click the link.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Once you do,
we’ll be able to help you.
‐ Huh? A game?
What are you talking about?
My life is at stake.
‐ I know it sounds crazy,
but you have to! Trust me!
‐ Okay, fine. I’ll do it.
But my fingers were cut off.
‐ If your hands won’t work,
use your feet,
tongue, whatever!
Do you want to die?
‐ No, of course not.
‐ Okay, then I’ll‐‐
‐ [click]
‐ Crap! The call
just got dropped!
‐ Well, we knew teleporting him
using a D‐Game Help Call
was a long shot to begin with.
‐ Then all that’s left to do
is grab him ourselves!
And we’ll kill Wang
while we’re at it!
[beeping]
‐ Damn it.
I accidentally hung up!
How am I supposed to do
anything without fingers?
Someone please help me.
KANAME:
If your hands won’t work,
use your feet,
tongue, whatever!
‐ That’s it. I can’t die here.
I still have way too many
things that I want to do!
[cell phone warbles]
‐ Whoa. Now what’s happening?
‐ We’re about ready
to head out, sir.
‐ I can go get the car anytime.
‐ Perfect.
We’ll leave
when the cops are disposed of.
You can eliminate
the hostage for me.
‐ Me? Oh, no.
Okay. This isn’t my fault.
If Sudo hadn’t
made a fool out of Wang,
then none of this crap
would’ve ever needed to happen!
‐ [gasps] Hey!
What the hell, man?
Why are you standing up?
And how did you
get out of those ropes?
[energy surges]
[groans]
‐ [gasps]
‐ There he is!
I’m gonna run him over!
‐ Stop the car!
This car is sturdy,
but Keiichi’s Sigil
can still overpower it!
‐ [tires squeal]
‐ Really?
‐ [chuckles] They’re lucky
they didn’t charge at me,
or I would have smashed them
against the building!
INUKAI: Leave this clown to me.
You guys proceed with the plan.
‐ Please be careful, Inukai.
He’s a higher‐ranked player
than you are.
‐ Sounds fun.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
Just ignore
my buddies over there.
This is one‐on‐one!
SHINOZUKA: What’s happening?
Why did he go flying like that?
Wait. I think
I sent him flying.
Suddenly I’m able
to move stuff with my mind.
It’s like having
an invisible hand.
I get it.
Kaname gave me this power
so that I could
get myself out of this!
‐ Hey, what’s going on here?
What did you do to him?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [yelling]
‐ Whoa! I can toss people
around like rag dolls!
Is this for real?
Almost feels like
I’m in some kind of dream.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [chuckles]
Well, this is
a fun little plot twist.
‐ Oh, shit, him again.
‐ Watch your back
around this guy, Wang!
His Sigil is no joke!
‐ [chuckles] I’m not sure
how he pulled it off,
but I bet you anything
this is Kaname’s work.
So where is he?
I know he’s gotta be
somewhere close by, right?
Come on out, Kaname!
Better hurry up
and show yourself,
’cause I’m about to filet
this fat‐ass buddy of yours!
‐ Nope, this isn’t
a dream at all.
This guy’s scarier
than my nightmares.
So if it’s real, then
that means I have to fight!
Besides, Kaname is
on his way here!
That’s enough!
Stop calling me fat‐ass!
‐ [scoffs] You have no idea
what you’re getting into, kiddo.
Here’s a preview.
This’ll take five seconds.
‐ You’re Keiichi, right?
I’ve heard about you before.
You reached the semifinals
in the 42nd Seishin
All‐Japan Karate Championship.
You had a decent chance
of winning.
Too bad you had to drop out
after you accidentally
killed your opponent
in the middle of a match.
And today you massacred
all those officers.
I gotta wonder
why a stone‐cold killer like you
is satisfied with being
Wang’s little lapdog.
‐ You’re a kid. You could never
understand how great Wang is.
That incident destroyed me.
Even though
I did it by accident,
his family
refused to forgive me.
Over time,
it became too agonizing,
and I quit karate,
but the pain never went away.
Then Wang made me understand
why I was suffering.
WANG: The reason
you’re this miserable
is because you only
killed that one man.
In times like this,
the only remedy
is to kill even more.
Death dilutes death.
‐ After I became
a part of D‐Game,
I finally started
to feel better.
You play D‐Game,
and you’re a martial artist,
so you should get that!
People die when one
of their organs is destroyed
or if their heart stops
for a few minutes.
Human beings are designed to die
from the moment they’re born.
‐ Wow, thanks
for the unsolicited speech.
You said give you five seconds,
but I think you just blabbed
for a solid minute.
‐ Well, sorry to make you wait.
I guess I should wrap this up.
Tempest!
‐ Hah! He’s wide open now!
[gasps]
Son of a bitch!
How tough is this guy?
Hey, not half‐bad, bro.
Thanks for making this face‐off
interesting for me.
He shielded himself
with his Sigil
the moment
he lost sight of me.
But he doesn’t rely
on just that.
He really is
an incredible martial artist.
‐ That defensive fall
was a smart move.
I can see you’ve had
some training.
Your ability makes you
extremely fast, doesn’t it?
If I were you,
I’d want to play it safe
and whip out my knife.
‐ [scoffs] Against you,
I feel like a knife
would be overkill.
Don’t underestimate me.
I’m a martial artist, too.
Now I’ll give you a preview.
Well, except you won’t
be able to see anything I do.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Ready?
Try to keep up!
REIN: This is a good spot.
Remember,
the important thing now
is to remain
completely undetected.
It’s up to us
to control the situation
and support the rescue mission
from the sidelines.
You can handle your part,
right, Sui?
‐ Um, I’ll try my best!
[energy warbles]
Excellent.
‐ [laughs] Come on.
I thought the police
were supposed to be
way tougher than this.
‐ You’d think so.
Then again, I did use my Sigil
to disable all their triggers
earlier, remember?
‐ Yeah, I know.
Still, it just goes to show you
that we’re an unbeatable team.
‐ Now’s not the time
to get cocky.
‐ Okay, they’re headed
toward the spot.
Get ready, Sui.
Or is it Sota I’m talking to?
[Sota laughs]
‐ I don’t know. You tell me!
‐ Oh, well.
I guess it really doesn’t matter
which one of you it is.
‐ [energy surges]
‐ Here goes.
Lead with the water
toward point A.
We’ll coordinate it
with your ice attack.
3, 2...
1...
‐ now!
‐ It’s up to you, Sota!
‐ Right! Don’t you worry!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Huh?
What’s up with all the water?
[gasps]
Who in the hell did this?!
I’ll kill you!
‐ Nicely done.
Now we should hurry
and get point D set up.
SUI: Um, sure.
[footsteps echoing]
KANAME: No one’s here.
‐ That seems odd.
‐ Something’s not right.
They’re close.
They have to be.
This doesn’t make sense.
We saw Keiichi.
‐ I don’t know.
Maybe they escaped out the back?
‐ Wang wouldn’t do that.
He wouldn’t use Keiichi
as a decoy.
[Wang laughs]
It took you a while,
but I knew you’d make it.
Good to see you!
‐ Wang! Let Shinozuka go now!
‐ Is that the tubby guy?
I never caught his name before.
Take it you were inspired by
our special video presentation.
‐ I’m here to fight you
just like you wanted!
So you don’t need him
anymore, okay?
‐ Just like I wanted?
I think you’re mistaken, Kaname.
Look, that’s not
why I asked you to meet me.
You see, the only thing
that I’m interested in
is watching your face
contort with agony and despair
because of what’s
about to happen here.
The thing is, Kaname,
there’s one very important
piece of information
that you seem to be missing.
You jumped to conclusions.
You assumed I was still
holding your little pal hostage,
when I’ve already set him free
and sent him running
in your direction.
You really
didn’t pick up on that?
You’re not a very attentive
friend, are you, Kaname?
‐ So where?
‐ Go on.
Feel free to take
another look around the place.
Trust me. He’s closer
than you might think.
[gasps]
No.
You’re lying.
It can’t...
be true.
‐ Kaname, stop! Don’t!
‐ It’s him.
He’s dead.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [wails]
‐ Wang, you bastard!
‐ Don’t look at me.
This whole thing
is Kaname’s fault!
I used to be
so pure and innocent
until he deceived me
and made me go crazy!
‐ My fault? It’s my fault?
‐ Of course it’s your fault!
You should’ve known
there’d be consequences
for making me look like a fool!
Because of you,
that innocent little piggy
got chopped to pieces!
How sad! He probably had
so much left to live for,
so many hopes and dreams,
so many missed opportunities,
and I’m sure his family’s
gonna be devastated!
You cost him everything!
How does that feel?
[dramatic music playing]
[Japanese music playing]
[rain pattering]
Huh?
[sighs]
Whatever. Kill them.
‐ I can do it, sir. Sorry I
messed things up the first time.
WANG: Do what you want, Shinji.
It doesn’t matter.
RYUJI: Pull yourself together,
Kaname!
‐ [growls]
‐ I’ll kill you!
‐ [gasps]
[gunshot]
[ominous music playing]
‐ That’s better.
He was on my nerves.
KANAME: Next Time:
"Sunset Ravens."